g'day guys Greeks kitchen time once
again and today I'm going to tell you
how to make one of the world's most
popular sandwiches the BLT bacon lettuce
and tomato
now these require hardly any ingredients
yet you're getting maximum flavor from a
sandwich it just takes minutes to make
so how do you make one well let me show
you out come up
okay so for a BLT all you're gonna need
is some beef or bacon
alpha lettuce this one's an iceberg one
oh and look mine came with a free moth a
tomato okay a tomato yeah USA some good
quality mayonnaise now you want to use
the whole egg mayonnaise ones not that
tangy horrible stuff and some bread for
toasting okay we'll add it all this the
bacon is the one that takes the longest
to cook so I'm just going to cut this in
half because the bacon here in Australia
is humongous and what you need to do is
have a frying pan on medium are medium
me I'm going to put some olive oil onto
there and start cooking this bacon so
it's nice and crisp
so all our bacon is cooking I'm just
going to slice my tomato up into slices
that you find the most comfortable with
just slice it tomato out now mr. moth
I'm sorry but we're not eating you today
so I'm just going to take some of this
moth written worm-eaten lettuce and I'm
going to give it a wash first because it
is probably covered in pesticides
right now that's done if you want you
can tear it into smaller pieces or you
can slice it yeah who's got time for
that because now I'm going to just throw
this in the toaster and get this toaster
boom boom boom
okay well has my bacon going needs to be
turned by
Oh mommy so with the bacon yesterday
wait settle down
bacon you blue actually want that gold
any color that's the best way to have it
nice and crisp
okay well now that toast is done what
I'm going to do is add some of the
mayonnaise I'm going to throw it on both
sides because I like mayonnaise and I'm
not using butter today yes I know write
that down in the comments where's the
butter like you always do now this bacon
actually looks pretty cooked ah and I'm
picking it up with my fingers and
transferring it uh-oh
need some more now most people will say
make sure that you drain all the fat off
but I'm off so what but as I say I'm not
like most people so leave the fat on I
say so it's called a bacon lettuce and
tomato so that's the order then I'm
going to put any piece of bread on top
and your BLT is done roll what's one of
these look like inside well it looks
like BLT heaven oh but what does it
taste like well let's find out ah well
down the hatch it guys
oh yeah
oh well if sensation was a word ideas
are to describe how good this tastes Oh
hmm
Oh ma'am that tastes absolutely
sensational it's just Oh so Moorish you
really do have to go and make yourself
one right now and if you do please let
me know how your turns out righty-o guys
well thanks for watching remember to
thumb this video or down if you thought
iceberg was a gangster rapper Wow
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time right here on Greg's kitchen
yeah
to jump with a BLT tastes absolutely
amazing you really do have to give this
up I really love it oh yeah